>> Welcome back everyone.
In this section we're gonna show you how
to flash the SD card with the images.
So on Usigi's laptop we already extracted
the ZIP file we downloaded in the first
section and we've already installed
the Win32 Disk Imager in a second section.
>> So, the first thing we're gonna do
is Click on the Win32 Disk Imager icon.
And it'll ask if you wanna run this app.
We need to click yes, and
a little GUI will pop up.
Next thing we wanna do is, you're
gonna see a small button right here.
And you're gonna click on that and
you're gonna find our image file.
Once we go into our image file.
We wanna click on the dot image file,
open.
Next we wanna click on the device
drive E which is the SD card.
So when you plug in your
SD card into your computer,
It's gonna have a letter
associated with it.
You can now want to click on that letter.
Finally we're gonna want to write,
we're just gonna click right on it.
And it'll ask is if we're sure we wanna
write the image onto the SD card.
And we're gonna write it, and
it's gonna start flashing that
Android Operating System onto the SD card.
And while this is writing onto the SD
card, we'll see you in the next section
on how to actually put the SD
card onto the DragonBoard.